This is a writeup about the `ACTF4` hosted by @fish at Arizona State University

Additionally, I would like to thank:
  - @redgate for offering his time and expertise during the CTF
  - @mahaloz for bringing the oppertunity to us, along with communicating with @fish to get the ok for us (myself, @redgate, and @F4_U57) to play
  - @fish for allowing us to play, and for organizing these CTF's

## Introduction
On Saturday, November 13th 2021, myself, @redgate, and @F4_U57 participated in the attack-defence style CTF under the team name **sashimi** where we got 3rd place overall. The CTF lasted for a total of 4 hours, however, teams were allowed access to their game box 30 minutes prior to the official start time. This being an advantage we could not pass up, the team decided to meet an hour prior to the games official start to discuss game mechanics and strategy. When it was 30 minutes prior to the games start, we all connected to the box and began our play.

## Game Description
The game works by having a number of teams with duplicate game boxes hosting some services, of which contain vulerabilities. It is each teams objective to capture `flags` from other teams servers, while protecting their own. To accomplish this, teams find exploits in their own services, patch it on their own machine, and exploit it on another. 

## Getting Connected and Game Setup
To get connected to the game box, each team was provided a private `ssh-key.key` along with a `ssh host` to connect to via `ssh`. Upon connection, the user is prompted with the following message:

> All services are running insider their own Docker containers. Their ports are mapped to the host, starting from 10001.
> 
> Each challenge is located at /opt/ictf/services inside its directory. You may modify the files inside to patch your services.

First thing first, @redgate advised us to make a recursive copy of the `/opt/ictf` directory to our home (`~`) directory. That way, if anything went wrong or we got super pwnd, we could recover. After this, I began taking a look at the services that we were provided with, of which there were three:

- `mommyservice` : a baby naming service
  - Service provided via a python script
- `bl4ckg0ld` : a coffee recipe service
  - Service provided via a binary
- `dungeon` : a text based adventure game
  -  Service provided via a binary

My teammate @F4_U57 began working on the `mommyservice`, I thought it would be best to split our efforts. Therefore, I began looking into `bl4ckg0ld` first, along with setting up defensive surveying on our server.

## Eyes on the stream - TCP monitoring
Before the game began, @fish was kind enough to remind everyone of the `tcpdump` command. Specifically:
```
tcpdump -i tun0 -w /tmp/<filename> -G 300 -C 100 -K -n "tcp port <port#>"
```
With this command, we are able to monitor the traffic that is comming into our server on a specific port, an invaluable tool to see what other teams are trying to do. The command, however, does hold the command line hostage until it has finished collecting. Therefore, it is recommended to either have a multiplexed terminal to have many going at once, to background the command, or to have a tmux session to handle the command.

Once enough information has been collected, we can copy the file (`/tmp/<filename>` from the aformentioned command) to our local machine to analyze. I personally used the WireShark software, as recommended by @redgate, and it proved to serve me well. 
